Update readme.md requirements (#50)
yiisoft/profiler: README.md

## Requirements

- PHP 7.4 or higher.

> - If in `yiisoft/aliases` configuration will be no alias `@runtime`, then application throws error `Invalid path alias: @runtime/profiling/{date}-{time}.txt`

Reviewer: That should be in installation section. That's not a requirement but an installation step.

composer require --dev yiisoft/profiler --prefer-dist
```

> If in `yiisoft/aliases` configuration will be no alias `@runtime`, then application throws error `Invalid path alias: @runtime/profiling/{date}-{time}.txt`
> 
> Than install the following package `yiisoft/aliases` via composer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there will be no `@runtime` alias in `yiisoft/aliases` configuration defined, application will throw "Invalid path alias" error.

To solve it, install the following package `yiisoft/aliases` via composer:

```

composer require --dev yiisoft/profiler --prefer-dist
```

> - If in `yiisoft/aliases` configuration will be no alias `@runtime`, then application throws error `Invalid path alias: @runtime/profiling/{date}-{time}.txt`

Reviewer 2: We should describe about `@runtime` in params and suggest change it (how and where) if need.
